Welcome to Blackbeard's Battleships a Python terminal based battleships game 
deployed via the Code Institute mock Terminal on Heroku.

The game is one player, users will battle against the computer. Users can chose 
from several difficulty options ranging from 3 to 10 with grid sizes starting 
at 3x3 then incrementing by 1x1 to 10x10 at max. The size range, and number of
ships will also increase with higher levels. Positions, directions and ship
lengths are all randomised each game.

Users can input coordinates from the grid in a 'CharacterNumber' format such as 
A1. These coordinates are validated and an outcome is determined. Ammo is 
limited to 30 shots per game, if users reach 0 before sinking all enemy ships
they will loose. Users must sink all enemy ships to win.

The game features a main menu, where users can navigate through an instruction 
manual explaining the games usage along with a legend. The game contains a 
variety of built in cheat codes with various effects to compliment gameplay, 
these are detailed in the content below.

- The game begins with an intro menu, requesting an input of either 'HELP' or 
'RUN'. If the user inputs 'HELP' the instruction manual shall load with some
breif in-game help and a legend of the symbols used. If the user inputs 'RUN'
the game shall start. The next screen requests another input, this time an 
integer from 3 to 10, validation is present throughout all input areas within
the module, and will catch any inputs deemed invalid. This number is used to
determin the playing area of the game. Entering 4 for example, will produce a
4x4 grid, entering 10 will produce a 10x10 grid. Higher numbers will also 
effect the range to randomised ship length and the number of indidual targets
to generate on the grid.

- Users have a limited amount of shots available, these are displayed in a clear
message beneath the game grid itself and is updated with every shot made 
(provided it is not a 'misfire' AKA invalidated input). Users will be penalised,
loosing 1 ammo if you miss a target open water, users will also be penalised if 
they target the same location twice (same input as as previous input). Users 
will NOT be penalised if you enter an invalid input. Your current ammo count 
can be increased through the means of two cheatcodes built-in to the game, 
'TENSHOTS' and 'FIVESHOTS' which when input, will increase ammo by either 10 
or 5.

- The goal is to sink completely, all of the enemies ships to win. Run out of 
ammo before and you will loose. Helpful messages will appear above the grid to
alert users when a ship has been completely destroyed. Messages that take the
form of vague indications towards the remaining amount of ships will also be 
printed above the grid.

- When the user has chosen a valid level, The grid is populated with enemy ships
and printed to the terminal, the game shall then request a target on the grid. 
The input for this request takes the from of first an alphabetical character, 
then a number such as 'A1'. Cheat codes can also be entered when the computer 
requests a target, when input correctly, a message shall appear with the text 
'Cheat Activated' and a description of the effect. At any time when an input is 
requested from the user, enter 'EXIT' to close the game.

- The user will be notified when either a Victory or Game Over scneario occurs,
confirmation of what level they either failed or completed shall appear in the 
terminal. Then a request from the user to play again or leave the game.

Cheat codes:
RANDO: Generates a randomised target location.
CHEATMODE: Reveals the enemy ships on the grid.
TENSHOTS: Ammo increased by 5.
FIVESHOTS: Ammo increased by 5.
DAVEYJONES: Instant Game Over.
KRAKENTIME: Instant Victory.